Command bus (#230)
patchlevel/event-sourcing-bundle: docs/pages/configuration.md

    This works only before each http requests and not if you use the console commands.
    
## Command Bus

> We automatically register our aggregate handlers in the symfony messenger if you have defined any.
> You can either turn it off or restrict the handlers to a specific bus only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our aggregate handlers are automatically registered with symfony messenger buses if a bus is defined. To restrict this behavior to a specific bus or disable it entirely, use the `aggregate_handlers.bus` option. You can specify the service id of the desired bus or set it to `null` to disable automatic registration.
```
